Yousuf Abdelfatah
a. I decided to come to a public polciy school because after working in social science research for a few years I realized how useful data science could be in fields I had traditionally thought of as being more qualitative. However I didn't want to do a program that was solely focused on data science without the application component and so the MS-DSPP seemed perfect. Ultimately I would like to do a PhD and so I'm hoping that this program will give me a strong methodological base. Topically I am interested in regime stability, conflict, and political transition. In the past I have primarily focused on the Middle East but I have done some work on these issues as they related to other regions (particualry Latin America and Central Africa).
b. I'd used git previously but only through the command line. This week made me far more comfortable with GUIs and with the git functionality contained in text editors like atom and VSC.

Madeline Kinnaird
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I love civic tech (s/o to Chi Hack Night) so I find the the intersection of data science and public policy super exciting! I'm specifically interested in technology policy and environmental policy. I studied Electrical Engineering in undergrad (specializing in power and renewable energy) and for my capstone I designed a circuit that would store the excess energy from an oil rig's motor torque into a battery. More recently in my work, I put together a business case for using solar energy to power AT&T’s data centers nationally and then joined a cyber security team that fiddled with AT&T network data. TLDR, 1) I love civic tech and data 2) I'm all about intersectional enviromentalism 3) Excited to be here!
b. This week I finally grasped git. I've tried teaching myself before and honestly struggled with understanding it. Using the visualizations and graphics to explain the staging/workflow was a GAMECHANGER. 

Justine Giaky Huynh 
a. I chose to study at a public policy school because I love fighting for social justice. I'm especially interested in any policy relating to gender and sex (but also okay with relating to race) because growing up, I faced sexual discrimination from my parents.
b. I learned how to create a git repository and push using the commandline.

Ella Zhang
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I'm interested in international development policy. I think DC is probably the best place to see how policies function, so I joined McCourt.
B. I learned how to customize my commandline using "Oh My Zsh". My terminal shell now looks super pretty.

Charlie Zhang
a. I decided to go to public policy school because there is a need to fix real-world problems, instead of talking theoretically.
b. I learned how to build a GitHub page and link it to a custom domain. 

Sahithi Adari 
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I'm really passionate about the internet and want to ensure the privacy of it’s citizens. Specifically as it related to user privacy and well as data control. I grew up in a family of computer engineers so online privacy was always top-of-mind for me and something that I’ve incorporated to my everyday life (I don’t use social media and I’ve removed google off of my android phone). It really scares me the amount of information that large organizations have on people as well as how they’re able to use that information to affect human behaviors. Ultimately I believe that the right of user data belongs to the people and not a corporation and want to work towards that goal. 
b. That Git and Github were two different things. I definitely thought they were one and the same thing. 

Rosey Cao
a. I decided to come to McCourt because the DSPP program is really a unique program in terms of data + public policy. I don’t have much prior experience with these two areas, so I wish to develop my skills through attending a policy school. I’m interested in urban + social policy, as well as international development. I hope the knowledge I learn in the following two years can help me to design policies culturally and geographically appropriate to the people living in developing areas. 

b. The whole concept of version control is super cool! I have heard of Git and GitHub, but I didn’t know what they exactly do. 

Gloria Li
a. I came to a public policy school because I am passionate about civics and have always wanted to live in DC. With my undergrad background in environmental science, philosophy, and law, I highly value an intersectional education; when I heard about DSPP, I knew it would be a great fit. Energy policy excites me the most because America (and the world) is at a very interesting junction in terms of accelerated renewable energy growth. I want to be part of it! 
b. I learned that some people use GUIs like GitKraken to visualize git interactions rather than the command line. 

Carmen Wang
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I have always been interested in education and public health issues that exist in today's society and I want to make some impacts on solving real problems. 
b. I leanred how to interact with the commandline. I tried it before in one of my previous classes but I had some problems with the command prompt. Git Bash works way better!

Chau Nguyen
a. I decided to go to grad school because after 4 years at my first job out of college, it was time to go back to school for further education. I chose public policy & data science because I felt like it was the natural next step for my career - I already have some background in research and policy analysis from my undergrad degree and my work at the IMF, but not formal training in public policy or data science yet. I am passionate about policy design, and I'm interested in learning more about implementing behavioral science in designing better policies.
b. I learned this week how to use git & github. I have downloaded different things (Stata & R packages, for example) from github before, but never really learned how to properly use it. 

Ruyi Yang
a. I choose to go to public policy school because I got intrigued in studying the social issues using data analytics in my statistics classes in undergrad, which incites me to further develop my data science skills and contribute to the society. I am most interested in tax policy and sociology.
B. I learnt to use git to track my projects.

Alex Adams
a. I decided to go to public policy school because I was initially planning on pursuing a Ph.D in political science, and then the more I thought about it, the more I realized that that degree was not as relevant to my future career goals as I originally thought, and that a masters degree with relevant skills (like data science) would still give me a graduate-level credential without waiting too long to enter the workforce. I might still go for a doctorate at some point, but I think I would rather have that be a personal goal than an essential part of my career trajectory. Mainly, I want to learn about policy, rather than politics.
b. I learned that there is so much more to version control than just locally saving a bunch of files with minor name variations. I knew that Github was a thing that existed, but this week (and really this assignment) is the first time I've ever used it.

Merykokeb Belay
a. I chose to come to public policy school because I am eager to learn about civic technology. I am interested in the application of civic technology to improve public service delivery and the ethical issues that arise from its application.
b. I learned what version control means and how to use git and git hub to achieve it. Also, using the 'visualizing git' tool was a really cool way to understand what is behind each git command. 

Maryam Khalid Shah
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I had seen first-hand how well-intentioned but poorly implemented policies can have such adverse effects (especially on low-income societies). I also wanted to improve my quantitative skills so that I can understand and tackle policy issues more efficiently.
b. I learned about version control - this  was a concept that was entirely new to me. The most interesting thing though that I learned was using 'git checkout' to move between different commits (I was like a kid watching a magic show when I would watch files disappear and reappear on my local repository).

Zixun Hao
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I've always been interested in policy decisions' effects -good or bad- on social issues and general wellbeing, especially educational and cultural policies. I'm also intrigued by the essential role of data and well-conducted research in forming these decisions. I been interning/working in art non-profits for the past two years. Published in 2019, a survey data shows that only 11% of all work acquired by the US’s top museums was by women in the past decade. This propels many museum leaders to face the deep-rooted problem and promote more women artists. I want to be able to use the power of data to dissect problems like this and drive policy changes. 
b. I'm especially happy to learned about version control via git and github this week. Using the git visualization tool to understand and track workflow/branch gave me a much clearer idea of version control.

Lexi Xianqi Gu
a. I decided to come to a public policy school, specifically data science for public policy, because I am always passionate about using quantitative methods to inform policy-making process and formulate effective policies given limited resources. 
b. I learned how to give command to my laptop using terminal and command lines. I was overwhelmed at first because it is my first time to learn these technical terms and technical commands. But I found it very useful and interesting to interact with my laptop. 